Add conditional imports to Web FAQ (#6256)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/platform-integration/web.md

[run your web apps in any supported browser]: /docs/get-started/web#create-and-run
[Integration testing]: /docs/testing/integration-tests#running-in-a-browser

> [internationalizing a Flutter mobile app]: https://flutter.dev/docs/resources/faq#how-do-i-do-internationalization-i18n-localization-l10n-and-accessibility-a11y-in-flutter
> [documentation for conditional imports]: https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages#conditionally-importing-and-exporting-library-files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[internationalizing a Flutter mobile app]: /docs/resources/faq#how-do-i-do-internationalization-i18n-localization-l10n-and-accessibility-a11y-in-flutter
[documentation for conditional imports]: {{site.dart-site}}/guides/libraries/create-library-packages#conditionally-importing-and-exporting-library-files
```
